I am new to software development and currently looking for an entry level position, so i can start a carreer. 
I allways want to learn more, so i decided to start this project to do it. 
Its inspired by some meal and food trackers such as “Cronometer” and “MyFitnessPal”.

This was my first big project, and it served as a way to learn more about software development by 
putting into practice concepts i had learned and exploring new ones. It was primarily a way to further develop my skills and deepen my knowledge. 
I had the idea to build a full web app that was interesting to me, could teach me, and make me explore several different ideas and methodologies, 
as well as think about broader problems to solve. 

When i started it, i had very little experience using Python. i was learning the language, and had only written a small script with it. I had learned the basics of C# before, 
so i already had a little bit of understanding of programming languages. 
I also knew a bit of HTML and CSS, but i was very interested in learning Javascript, 
given its wide usage and the number of different ideas it encompasses. 
This project was great for learning these things as it allowed me to practice in a real-world environment. 

It also allowed me to learn more about concepts like, full-stack development, object oriented programming and functional programming, 
using Api's, web development, deployment and much more.

The app is a work in progress, looking back on a lot of the things i did, i think i could do them better already, 
there are a lot of mistakes and inefficiencies which i will be improving and fixing. 
A few examples would be, improving the flexbox design, making my code more clear, organized and concise, 
avoiding some unnecessary or redundant steps, adding more ways to handle exceptions and to generally fix some small mistakes that are still present.
I intend to keep perfecting it and improving, however, as this was mostly a learning experience, i feel it has been serving its purpose.

This project also serves as a good base to implement and experiment with other things that i want to learn and try. 
In the near future i want to add a database, possibly using MongoDB, that is user specific so that the user can track meals and food across time, by adding data persistence. 
I want to add functionality related to calorie and macro/micronutrient goals, for instance targets that a user could set and achieve.
Based on these, and the users data, i want to add functionality that suggests foods to add in the day/week that aid in achieving these targets, 
using the foods that the user consumes frequently or seems to favour. 
Another idea is to add more sources for food data, both from different databases and user-defined data, 
meaning a user could add information about a specific food or product that they consume but can´t find data for it. 

There are a lot of more ideas that i want to implement, and for the future the goal is to build a full health/fitness tracker that tracks the users activity levels, 
exercise habits, levels of stress, schedule, etc.. and is able to give suggestions and adapt certain goals by manipulating, these variables. 
A user that is very experienced could use the app just as a logging tool, that has some extra capabilities 
and a user that is less experienced and wants to improve their health can get a lot of assistance to reach targets. 



